field name                     field label                    field type
-----------------------------  -----------------------------  ------------
campaign_id                    Campaign                       many2one
source_id                      Source                         many2one
medium_id                      Medium                         many2one
activity_ids                   Activities                     one2many
activity_state                 Activity State                 selection
activity_user_id               Responsible User               many2one
activity_type_id               Next Activity Type             many2one
activity_type_icon             Activity Type Icon             char
activity_date_deadline         Next Activity Deadline         date
my_activity_date_deadline      My Activity Deadline           date
activity_summary               Next Activity Summary          char
activity_exception_decoration  Activity Exception Decoration  selection
activity_exception_icon        Icon                           char
activity_calendar_event_id     Next Activity Calendar Event   many2one
message_is_follower            Is Follower                    boolean
message_follower_ids           Followers                      one2many
message_partner_ids            Followers (Partners)           many2many
message_ids                    Messages                       one2many
has_message                    Has Message                    boolean
message_needaction             Action Needed                  boolean
message_needaction_counter     Number of Actions              integer
message_has_error              Message Delivery error         boolean
message_has_error_counter      Number of errors               integer
message_attachment_count       Attachment Count               integer
rating_ids                     Ratings                        one2many
website_message_ids            Website Messages               one2many
message_has_sms_error          SMS Delivery error             boolean
email_cc                       Email cc                       char
message_main_attachment_id     Main Attachment                many2one
name                           Subject / Application          char
active                         Active                         boolean
description                    Description                    html
email_from                     Email                          char
probability                    Probability                    float
partner_id                     Contact                        many2one
create_date                    Creation Date                  datetime
stage_id                       Stage                          many2one
last_stage_id                  Last Stage                     many2one
categ_ids                      Tags                           many2many
company_id                     Company                        many2one
user_id                        Recruiter                      many2one
date_closed                    Hire Date                      datetime
date_open                      Assigned                       datetime
date_last_stage_update         Last Stage Update              datetime
priority                       Evaluation                     selection
job_id                         Applied Job                    many2one
salary_proposed_extra          Proposed Salary Extra          char
salary_expected_extra          Expected Salary Extra          char
salary_proposed                Proposed Salary                float
salary_expected                Expected Salary                float
availability                   Availability                   date
partner_name                   Applicant's Name               char
partner_phone                  Phone                          char
partner_mobile                 Mobile                         char
type_id                        Degree                         many2one
department_id                  Department                     many2one
day_open                       Days to Open                   float
day_close                      Days to Close                  float
delay_close                    Delay to Close                 float
color                          Color Index                    integer
emp_id                         Employee                       many2one
user_email                     User Email                     char
attachment_number              Number of Attachments          integer
employee_name                  Employee Name                  char
attachment_ids                 Attachments                    one2many
access_token_end_date          Access Token Validity Date     date
extract_state                  Extract state                  selection
extract_status                 Extract status                 char
extract_error_message          Error message                  text
extract_document_uuid          ID of the request to IAP-OCR   char
extract_can_show_send_button   Can show the ocr send button   boolean
is_in_extractable_state        Is In Extractable State        boolean
extract_state_processed        Extract State Processed        boolean
sign_request_count             # Signatures                   integer
applicant_skill_ids            Skills                         one2many
skill_ids                      Skill                          many2many
is_interviewer                 Is Interviewer                 boolean