field name                  field label                  field type
--------------------------  ---------------------------  ------------
website_id                  Website                      many2one
website_published           Visible on current website   boolean
is_published                Is Published                 boolean
can_publish                 Can Publish                  boolean
website_url                 Website URL                  char
is_seo_optimized            SEO optimized                boolean
website_meta_title          Website meta title           char
website_meta_description    Website meta description     text
website_meta_keywords       Website meta keywords        char
website_meta_og_img         Website opengraph image      char
seo_name                    Seo name                     char
message_is_follower         Is Follower                  boolean
message_follower_ids        Followers                    one2many
message_partner_ids         Followers (Partners)         many2many
message_ids                 Messages                     one2many
has_message                 Has Message                  boolean
message_needaction          Action Needed                boolean
message_needaction_counter  Number of Actions            integer
message_has_error           Message Delivery error       boolean
message_has_error_counter   Number of errors             integer
message_attachment_count    Attachment Count             integer
rating_ids                  Ratings                      one2many
website_message_ids         Website Messages             one2many
message_has_sms_error       SMS Delivery error           boolean
active                      Active                       boolean
name                        Job Position                 char
sequence                    Sequence                     integer
expected_employees          Total Forecasted Employees   integer
no_of_employee              Current Number of Employees  integer
no_of_recruitment           Target                       integer
no_of_hired_employee        Hired Employees              integer
employee_ids                Employees                    one2many
description                 Job Description              html
requirements                Requirements                 text
department_id               Department                   many2one
company_id                  Company                      many2one
contract_type_id            Employment Type              many2one
id                          ID                           integer
display_name                Display Name                 char
create_uid                  Created by                   many2one
create_date                 Created on                   datetime
write_uid                   Last Updated by              many2one
write_date                  Last Updated on              datetime
alias_id                    Alias                        many2one
address_id                  Job Location                 many2one
application_ids             Job Applications             one2many
application_count           Application Count            integer
all_application_count       All Application Count        integer
new_application_count       New Application              integer
old_application_count       Old Application              integer
applicant_hired             Applicants Hired             integer
manager_id                  Department Manager           many2one
user_id                     Recruiter                    many2one
hr_responsible_id           HR Responsible               many2one
document_ids                Documents                    one2many
documents_count             Document Count               integer
color                       Color Index                  integer
is_favorite                 Is Favorite                  boolean
favorite_user_ids           Favorite User                many2many
interviewer_ids             Interviewers                 many2many
extended_interviewer_ids    Extended Interviewer         many2many
activities_overdue          Activities Overdue           integer
activities_today            Activities Today             integer
default_contract_id         Contract Template            many2one
website_description         Website description          html
job_details                 Process Details              html
published_date              Published Date               date
alias_name                  Alias Name                   char
alias_model_id              Aliased Model                many2one
alias_user_id               Owner                        many2one
alias_defaults              Default Values               text
alias_force_thread_id       Record Thread ID             integer
alias_domain                Alias domain                 char
alias_parent_model_id       Parent Model                 many2one
alias_parent_thread_id      Parent Record Thread ID      integer
alias_contact               Alias Contact Security       selection
alias_bounced_content       Custom Bounced Message       html
alias_status                Alias Status                 selection